Extend docs (#6)
TobKed/github-forks-sync-action: README.md

```yaml
jobs:
  update_external_airflow_fork:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      uses: TobKed/github-forks-sync-action@master
      with:

>         github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

Author: @turbaszek I figured out that `secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN` is not a valid one. As the [docs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/configuring-and-managing-workflows/authenticating-with-the-github_token#about-the-github_token-secret) says about `GITHUB_TOKEN`:

> The token's permissions are limited to the repository that contains your workflow.

This example is for updating external repository and requires Personal Access Token (https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)

Reviewer: It would be good to mention what privilages should have the secret

>         github_token: ${{ secrets.GH_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        github_token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

| target_branch | string | 'master' | Destination branch to push changes. |
| force | boolean | false | Determines if force push is used. |
| tags | boolean | false | Determines if `--tags` is used. |

### GitHub Token

#### Pull from public repository and push to current repository

GitHub automatically creates a `GITHUB_TOKEN` secret to use in your workflow. 
You can use the `GITHUB_TOKEN` to authenticate in a workflow run. 

> `github_token` input can passed in `${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}`

Reviewer: Is there any documentation about it? If yes should it be added as a reference as it is done below?

> GitHub automatically creates a `GITHUB_TOKEN` secret to use in your workflow. 
> You can use the `GITHUB_TOKEN` to authenticate in a workflow run. 
> `github_token` input can passed in `${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub automatically creates a `GITHUB_TOKEN` secret to use in your workflow. 
You can use the `GITHUB_TOKEN` to authenticate in a workflow run. 
To learn more about this secret check the [official docs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/configuring-and-managing-workflows/authenticating-with-the-github_token).
```
